MANIFEST.in
README.txt
setup.py
pyCGM2/__init__.py
pyCGM2/enums.py
pyCGM2/generatePipeline.py
pyCGM2/log.py
pyCGM2.egg-info/PKG-INFO
pyCGM2.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
pyCGM2.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
pyCGM2.egg-info/entry_points.txt
pyCGM2.egg-info/requires.txt
pyCGM2.egg-info/top_level.txt
pyCGM2/Apps/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Apps/Commands/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Apps/Commands/commands.py
pyCGM2/Apps/QtmApps/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Apps/QtmApps/CGMi/CGM11_workflow.py
pyCGM2/Apps/QtmApps/CGMi/CGM1_workflow.py
pyCGM2/Apps/QtmApps/CGMi/CGM21_workflow.py
pyCGM2/Apps/QtmApps/CGMi/CGM22_workflow.py
pyCGM2/Apps/QtmApps/CGMi/CGM23_workflow.py
pyCGM2/Apps/QtmApps/CGMi/CGM24_workflow.py
pyCGM2/Apps/QtmApps/CGMi/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM1/CGM1_Calibration.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM1/CGM1_Fitting.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM1/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM1_1/CGM1_1_Calibration.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM1_1/CGM1_1_Fitting.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM1_1/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM2_1/CGM2_1_Calibration.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM2_1/CGM2_1_Fitting.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM2_1/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM2_2/CGM2_2_Calibration.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM2_2/CGM2_2_Fitting.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM2_2/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM2_3/CGM2_3_Calibration.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM2_3/CGM2_3_Fitting.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM2_3/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM2_4/CGM2_4_Calibration.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM2_4/CGM2_4_Fitting.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM2_4/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM2_5/CGM2_5_Calibration.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM2_5/CGM2_5_Fitting.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM2_5/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM2_6/CGM_Knee2DofCalibration.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM2_6/CGM_KneeSARA.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/CGM2_6/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/DataProcessing/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/DataProcessing/plotCompareNormalizedKinematics.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/DataProcessing/plotCompareNormalizedKinetics.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/DataProcessing/plotMAP.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/DataProcessing/plotNormalizedKinematics.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/DataProcessing/plotNormalizedKinetics.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/DataProcessing/plotSpatioTemporalParameters.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/DataProcessing/plotTemporalKinematics.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/DataProcessing/plotTemporalKinetics.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/EMG/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/EMG/plotCompareNormalizedEmg.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/EMG/plotNormalizedEmg.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/EMG/plotTemporalEmg.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/Events/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/Events/zeniDetector.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/Miscellaneous/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/Miscellaneous/check_inputArgs.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/Miscellaneous/pyCGM2_resetProgramData.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/MoGapFill/KalmanGapFilling.py
pyCGM2/Apps/ViconApps/MoGapFill/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Configurator/CgmArgsManager.py
pyCGM2/Configurator/EmgManager.py
pyCGM2/Configurator/Manager.py
pyCGM2/Configurator/ModelManager.py
pyCGM2/Configurator/ProcessingManager.py
pyCGM2/Configurator/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/CGM23.json
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/Schwartz2008.json
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/Pinzone 2014/Formatted- Pinzone2014.xlsx
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/Pinzone 2014/Origin - Pinzone2014.xlsx
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/Pinzone 2014/pyCGM2-Pinzone2014.xlsx
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/Pinzone 2014/readme
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/emg/normalActivation.json
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/ofm Oxford/AForefootHindfootAdduction.txt
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/ofm Oxford/AForefootHindfootDorsiflexion.txt
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/ofm Oxford/AForefootHindfootSupination.txt
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/ofm Oxford/AForefootTibiaAdduction.txt
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/ofm Oxford/AForefootTibiaDorsiflexion.txt
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/ofm Oxford/AForefootTibiaSupination.txt
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/ofm Oxford/AHalluxForefootDorsiflexion.txt
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/ofm Oxford/AHindfootTibiaDorsiflexion.txt
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/ofm Oxford/AHindfootTibiaInversion.txt
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/ofm Oxford/AHindfootTibiaRotation.txt
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/ofm Oxford/ATibiaFemurAdduction.txt
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/ofm Oxford/ATibiaFemurFlexion.txt
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/ofm Oxford/ATibiaFemurRotation.txt
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/schwartz 2008/Formatted- Schwartz2008.xlsx
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/schwartz 2008/Original- Schwartz2008.xls
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/schwartz 2008/plot.py
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/schwartz 2008/pyCGM2-Schwartz2008.xlsx
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/schwartz 2008/readme
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/stp/Normals.txt
pyCGM2/Data/normativeData/stp/normal_stp.xlsx
pyCGM2/EMG/__init__.py
pyCGM2/EMG/coactivation.py
pyCGM2/EMG/discreteEMGanalysis.py
pyCGM2/EMG/emgFilters.py
pyCGM2/EMG/normalActivation.py
pyCGM2/Eclipse/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Eclipse/eclipse.py
pyCGM2/Eclipse/vskTools.py
pyCGM2/Events/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Events/events.py
pyCGM2/ForcePlates/__init__.py
pyCGM2/ForcePlates/forceplates.py
pyCGM2/Gap/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Gap/gapFilling.py
pyCGM2/Inspect/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Inspect/inspectFilters.py
pyCGM2/Inspect/inspectProcedures.py
pyCGM2/Install/pipelineTemplate/pyCGM2-CGM1-Calibration.Pipeline
pyCGM2/Install/pipelineTemplate/pyCGM2-CGM1-Fitting.Pipeline
pyCGM2/Install/pipelineTemplate/pyCGM2-CGM1_1-Calibration.Pipeline
pyCGM2/Install/pipelineTemplate/pyCGM2-CGM1_1-Fitting.Pipeline
pyCGM2/Install/pipelineTemplate/pyCGM2-CGM2_1-Calibration.Pipeline
pyCGM2/Install/pipelineTemplate/pyCGM2-CGM2_1-Fitting.Pipeline
pyCGM2/Install/pipelineTemplate/pyCGM2-CGM2_2-Calibration.Pipeline
pyCGM2/Install/pipelineTemplate/pyCGM2-CGM2_2-Fitting.Pipeline
pyCGM2/Install/pipelineTemplate/pyCGM2-CGM2_3-Calibration.Pipeline
pyCGM2/Install/pipelineTemplate/pyCGM2-CGM2_3-Fitting.Pipeline
pyCGM2/Install/pipelineTemplate/pyCGM2-CGM2_4-Calibration.Pipeline
pyCGM2/Install/pipelineTemplate/pyCGM2-CGM2_4-Fitting.Pipeline
pyCGM2/Install/pipelineTemplate/pyCGM2-CGM2_5-Calibration.Pipeline
pyCGM2/Install/pipelineTemplate/pyCGM2-CGM2_5-Fitting.Pipeline
pyCGM2/Install/pipelineTemplate/pyCGM2-CGM2_6-knee2Dof.Pipeline
pyCGM2/Install/pipelineTemplate/pyCGM2-CGM2_6-kneeSARA.Pipeline
pyCGM2/Install/pipelineTemplate/pyCGM2-EMG.Pipeline
pyCGM2/Install/pipelineTemplate/pyCGM2-Event-Detection.Pipeline
pyCGM2/Install/pipelineTemplate/pyCGM2-MoGapFill.Pipeline
pyCGM2/Install/pipelineTemplate/pyCGM2-Plottings.Pipeline
pyCGM2/Install/vst/pyCGM2-FullBody_CGM1_KADmed.vst
pyCGM2/Install/vst/pyCGM2-FullBody_CGM1_medial.vst
pyCGM2/Install/vst/pyCGM2-FullBody_CGM21.vst
pyCGM2/Install/vst/pyCGM2-FullBody_CGM22.vst
pyCGM2/Install/vst/pyCGM2-FullBody_CGM23.vst
pyCGM2/Install/vst/pyCGM2-FullBody_CGM24.vst
pyCGM2/Install/vst/pyCGM2-FullBody_CGM25.vst
pyCGM2/Install/vst/pyCGM2-FullBody_CGM25_PIG.vst
pyCGM2/Install/vst/pyCGM2-LowerLimb_CGM1_KADmed.vst
pyCGM2/Install/vst/pyCGM2-LowerLimb_CGM1_medial.vst
pyCGM2/Install/vst/pyCGM2-LowerLimb_CGM21.vst
pyCGM2/Install/vst/pyCGM2-LowerLimb_CGM22.vst
pyCGM2/Install/vst/pyCGM2-LowerLimb_CGM23.vst
pyCGM2/Install/vst/pyCGM2-LowerLimb_CGM24.vst
pyCGM2/Lib/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Lib/analysis.py
pyCGM2/Lib/configuration.py
pyCGM2/Lib/eventDetector.py
pyCGM2/Lib/plot.py
pyCGM2/Lib/report.py
pyCGM2/Lib/CGM/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Lib/CGM/cgm1.py
pyCGM2/Lib/CGM/cgm1_1.py
pyCGM2/Lib/CGM/cgm2_1.py
pyCGM2/Lib/CGM/cgm2_2.py
pyCGM2/Lib/CGM/cgm2_3.py
pyCGM2/Lib/CGM/cgm2_4.py
pyCGM2/Lib/CGM/cgm2_5.py
pyCGM2/Lib/CGM/kneeCalibration.py
pyCGM2/Math/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Math/derivation.py
pyCGM2/Math/euler.py
pyCGM2/Math/geometry.py
pyCGM2/Math/normalisation.py
pyCGM2/Math/numeric.py
pyCGM2/Model/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Model/anthropometricMeasurement.py
pyCGM2/Model/bodySegmentParameters.py
pyCGM2/Model/frame.py
pyCGM2/Model/model.py
pyCGM2/Model/modelDecorator.py
pyCGM2/Model/modelFilters.py
pyCGM2/Model/modelQualityFilter.py
pyCGM2/Model/motion.py
pyCGM2/Model/CGM2/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Model/CGM2/cgm.py
pyCGM2/Model/CGM2/cgm2.py
pyCGM2/Model/CGM2/decorators.py
pyCGM2/Model/Opensim/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Model/Opensim/opensimFilters.py
pyCGM2/Model/Opensim/osimProcessing.py
pyCGM2/Nexus/Devices.py
pyCGM2/Nexus/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Nexus/nexusFilters.py
pyCGM2/Nexus/nexusTools.py
pyCGM2/Nexus/nexusUtils.py
pyCGM2/Processing/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Processing/analysis.py
pyCGM2/Processing/analysisHandler.py
pyCGM2/Processing/analysisProcessing.py
pyCGM2/Processing/c3dManager.py
pyCGM2/Processing/cycle.py
pyCGM2/Processing/discretePoints.py
pyCGM2/Processing/exporter.py
pyCGM2/Processing/jointPatterns.py
pyCGM2/Processing/progressionFrame.py
pyCGM2/Processing/scores.py
pyCGM2/Report/ComparisonPlotViewers.py
pyCGM2/Report/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Report/emgPlotViewers.py
pyCGM2/Report/normativeDatasets.py
pyCGM2/Report/plot.py
pyCGM2/Report/plotFilters.py
pyCGM2/Report/plotUtils.py
pyCGM2/Report/plotViewers.py
pyCGM2/Settings/CGM1-pyCGM2.settings
pyCGM2/Settings/CGM1_1-pyCGM2.settings
pyCGM2/Settings/CGM2.mvc
pyCGM2/Settings/CGM2_1-pyCGM2.settings
pyCGM2/Settings/CGM2_2-pyCGM2.settings
pyCGM2/Settings/CGM2_3-pyCGM2.settings
pyCGM2/Settings/CGM2_4-pyCGM2.settings
pyCGM2/Settings/CGM2_5-pyCGM2.settings
pyCGM2/Settings/config.json
pyCGM2/Settings/emg.settings
pyCGM2/Settings/mp.pyCGM2
pyCGM2/Settings/IkWeightSets/CGM2_2.ikw
pyCGM2/Settings/IkWeightSets/CGM2_3.ikw
pyCGM2/Settings/IkWeightSets/CGM2_4.ikw
pyCGM2/Settings/jointPatterns/Nieuwenhuys2017.xlsx
pyCGM2/Settings/opensim/models/osim/lowerLimb_ballsJoints.osim
pyCGM2/Settings/opensim/models/settings/cgm1/cgm1-ikSetUp_template.xml
pyCGM2/Settings/opensim/models/settings/cgm1/cgm1-markerset.xml
pyCGM2/Settings/opensim/models/settings/cgm2_3/cgm2_3-ikSetUp_template.xml
pyCGM2/Settings/opensim/models/settings/cgm2_3/cgm2_3-markerset.xml
pyCGM2/Settings/opensim/models/settings/cgm2_4/cgm2_4-ikSetUp_template.xml
pyCGM2/Settings/opensim/models/settings/cgm2_4/cgm2_4-markerset.xml
pyCGM2/Settings/translators/CGM1.translators
pyCGM2/Settings/translators/CGM1_1.translators
pyCGM2/Settings/translators/CGM2_1.translators
pyCGM2/Settings/translators/CGM2_2.translators
pyCGM2/Settings/translators/CGM2_3.translators
pyCGM2/Settings/translators/CGM2_4.translators
pyCGM2/Settings/translators/CGM2_5.translators
pyCGM2/Signal/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Signal/detect_changes.py
pyCGM2/Signal/detect_peaks.py
pyCGM2/Signal/signal_processing.py
pyCGM2/Tools/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Tools/btkTools.py
pyCGM2/Tools/exportTools.py
pyCGM2/Tools/pythonTools.py
pyCGM2/Utils/__init__.py
pyCGM2/Utils/files.py
pyCGM2/Utils/testingUtils.py
pyCGM2/Utils/timer.py
pyCGM2/Utils/utils.py
pyCGM2/btk/BTKBasicFilters.dll
pyCGM2/btk/BTKBasicFilters.exp
pyCGM2/btk/BTKBasicFilters.ilk
pyCGM2/btk/BTKBasicFilters.lib
pyCGM2/btk/BTKBasicFilters.pdb
pyCGM2/btk/BTKCommon.dll
pyCGM2/btk/BTKCommon.exp
pyCGM2/btk/BTKCommon.ilk
pyCGM2/btk/BTKCommon.lib
pyCGM2/btk/BTKCommon.pdb
pyCGM2/btk/BTKIO.dll
pyCGM2/btk/BTKIO.exp
pyCGM2/btk/BTKIO.ilk
pyCGM2/btk/BTKIO.lib
pyCGM2/btk/BTKIO.pdb
pyCGM2/btk/__init__.py
pyCGM2/btk/__init__.pyc
pyCGM2/btk/_btk.exp
pyCGM2/btk/_btk.lib
pyCGM2/btk/_btk.pdb
pyCGM2/btk/_btk.pyd
pyCGM2/btk/btkSwigPYTHON_wrap.cxx
pyCGM2/btk/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc
pyCGM2/btk/__pycache__/btk.cpython-37.pyc
pyCGM2/opensim4/BTKBasicFilters.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/BTKCommon.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/BTKIO.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/SimTKcommon.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/SimTKmath.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/SimTKsimbody.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/__init__.py
pyCGM2/opensim4/_actuators.lib
pyCGM2/opensim4/_actuators.pyd
pyCGM2/opensim4/_analyses.lib
pyCGM2/opensim4/_analyses.pyd
pyCGM2/opensim4/_common.lib
pyCGM2/opensim4/_common.pyd
pyCGM2/opensim4/_examplecomponents.lib
pyCGM2/opensim4/_examplecomponents.pyd
pyCGM2/opensim4/_simbody.lib
pyCGM2/opensim4/_simbody.pyd
pyCGM2/opensim4/_simulation.lib
pyCGM2/opensim4/_simulation.pyd
pyCGM2/opensim4/_tools.lib
pyCGM2/opensim4/_tools.pyd
pyCGM2/opensim4/actuators.py
pyCGM2/opensim4/analyses.py
pyCGM2/opensim4/common.py
pyCGM2/opensim4/concrt140.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/examplecomponents.py
pyCGM2/opensim4/glut32.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/libblas.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/libgcc_s_sjlj-1.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/libgfortran-3.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/liblapack.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/libquadmath-0.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/msvcp140.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/osimActuators.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/osimAnalyses.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/osimCommon.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/osimExampleComponents.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/osimJavaJNI.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/osimLepton.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/osimSimulation.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/osimTools.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/simbody.py
pyCGM2/opensim4/simulation.py
pyCGM2/opensim4/tools.py
pyCGM2/opensim4/vcruntime140.dll
pyCGM2/opensim4/version.py
pyCGM2/opensim4/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-37.pyc
pyCGM2/opensim4/__pycache__/actuators.cpython-37.pyc
pyCGM2/opensim4/__pycache__/analyses.cpython-37.pyc
pyCGM2/opensim4/__pycache__/common.cpython-37.pyc
pyCGM2/opensim4/__pycache__/examplecomponents.cpython-37.pyc
pyCGM2/opensim4/__pycache__/simbody.cpython-37.pyc
pyCGM2/opensim4/__pycache__/simulation.cpython-37.pyc
pyCGM2/opensim4/__pycache__/tools.cpython-37.pyc
pyCGM2/opensim4/__pycache__/version.cpython-37.pyc
pyCGM2/qtm/__init__.py
pyCGM2/qtm/qtmTools.py