<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>2 - Usan Abasi's Lament</title>
    <link href="css/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  </head>
  <body><section id="section-1" class="level1">
<h1>2</h1>
<p>Joshua laughs. ‘That is a good story, thank you.’ Shaking his head, ‘but poor Usan Abasi. You have made him so small.’</p>
<p>‘We should never be in awe of our gods,’ says Isaiah.</p>
<p>‘Neither should we underestimate their dangers,’ smiles Joshua, squeezing his son’s hand. ‘You are set on this race?’</p>
<p>‘Yes,’ nodding and looking towards where the sun is setting. ‘It will be a great adventure.’</p>
<p>‘Will you see the Souls?’</p>
<p>‘I hope so. Calisto swears that he can navigate us directly beneath each of them.’</p>
<p>‘Would that I were younger,’ says Joshua. ‘To be on the first Ewuru solar yacht, sailing so close to the sun —’ gripping Isaiah’s hand ‘— you promise you will be safe?’</p>
<p>‘Yes father,’ laughing. ‘We are taking the slowest, safest route between the Souls. We will be well.’</p>
<p>Joshua stares wistfully at the horizon.</p>
<p>‘You miss Samara?’ asks Isaiah.</p>
<p>Joshua nods, smiling. ‘Everyone.’</p>
<p>He makes as if to rise. ‘Come, shall we go?’</p>
<p>‘There is no rush. Shall we wait? Look, the sun is about to set,’ says Isaiah, holding his father’s hand.</p>
<p>And so, with their feet hanging over the edge and the song of the water below, they watch as the last embers of the day turn the horizon to purple and gold.</p>
</section>
</body>
</html>
